Update cd-integrations-supported.md (#4084)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/shared/cd-integrations-supported.md

      - StatefulSet
      - HorizontalPodAutoScalar
      - PodDisruptionBudget

> - **Deployment Performance**
>     - Helm Deployment may start failing on delegate due to a large index.yamls, this causes a CPU spike on the delegate. If users do not provide enough resources to the delegate, you will likely see failures in pipeline executions. 
>      - Certified Limits:
>        - Index.yaml file size limit 15Mb
>        - 5K Helm Charts have been deployed
>        - Kubernetes Delegate Size: 8Gb, 2cpu
>        - 10 Parallel Deployments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Deployment Performance**
    - Helm deployments might start failing at the delegate due to a large index.yaml files. This causes a CPU spike on the delegate. If you do not provide enough resources to the delegate, you might see failures in pipeline executions. 
     - Certified Limits:
       - Index.yaml file size limit 15Mb
       - 5000 Helm charts have been deployed
       - Kubernetes delegate size: 8GB, 2 CPU
       - 10 parallel deployments
```
